We is however pseudo class selector.
It was somewhat straightforward.
So only the changes were happening as we're hovering over a deal.
However with links we have a little bit more state.
So Lincoln v just general link then Lincoln we visited.
We can also hover over the link and the active link.
So why don't we take a look again.
Bye bye.
You're going to be gone.
And also within the next session email.
What is it gonna create.
Bunch of links.
So let me first delete all of them.
Then let's say here again this is gonna be just a general link.
So let's write general and link.
Then we're going to copy and paste it here.
Gonna write and on now visited link.
We can go with this.
Can you just say visited is a dead link.
The second one.
Then we have the active one and the hardcover one so for the hover one again this is gonna be very simple.
I was gonna say however although what's gonna happen is as we're hovering all of them you're obviously
gonna be able to see anyway but that is just a side note and let's right with active one so active link
something like this.
So here that more with capital letter and fewer of them are is gonna be with the lowercase letter.
Now this is again somewhat straightforward meaning only thing we need to do is just say that.
Let's say would want to select all the links.
So how you gonna write.
Well we can just say that all the links that have been on a page.
So let's say a link and then we're looking for something.
Let's start very simply by color and let's say the color is going to be OK.
Now all my links are going to have this color again very soon.
Now we also have option of visiting because we can click on a link so that way we're visiting the link.
Now in order to do that we're just going to say visited.
So if we have clicked on a link let's say or read something like this.
Now I'm gonna head over to the second one to visit anyone.
But again you can click on any link and what's going to happen the moment we're going to click on it
all of them are gonna be read.
Now what is the reason why all of them are red.
Because our H rough attribute is here to hashtag.
So if we would want we wouldn't want this annoying thing.
Who's gonna write ATP ATP.
Then again we're gonna have to forward slashes and let's say Google dot com on the moment gonna save
it.
Notice this is not visit like Oh just please remember that if you're gonna have multiple links they're
all going to be pointing to the same thing.
If you're going to click on one of them obviously the same thing is gonna happen now again we hear we
have multiple options.
If you don't like the fact that all of them technically have been visited could just change this around
to Google.
Just remember that the moment you were gonna click on one of the Googles there are also gonna be visited.
Let's save this.
Okay so this is gonna be visit and link.
Then what else we had.
So we had a hover effect.
So that was again for all of them obviously since we're all gonna be able to hover.
In this case I don't know what color is gonna be blue.
Now what happened.
So as I'm hovering over the link obviously the color is going to turn blue.
Even the one that has visited because again this just shows that we have clicked on a link.
Now last but not least we have the active one and the active one happens as we're clicking on the link
so there's gonna be a split second as we click on the link so link is active before.
Technically it says that it was visited.
So for this we can just say active again and I don't know we can have the green one and this is where
we're gonna be really have to pay attention because this is gonna change literally over the second.
So as what happens is as I have a rule here and if I click on it I mean yeah.
And if I'm holding the left key then obviously we're gonna be able to see that this is not visited the
link yet.
This is not any more blue because when the hovering.
So this would be the active one.
So that's where we would use this pseudo class selector on the moment.
I'm gonna let go of the actual obviously left key and what happens is I'm visiting the Google first
and foremost because this was the link and now all of them are red.
Now the reason why this is red because we already clicked on it.
But rest of them were Google anyway.
So now my links are showing us visited.
Now this is in general how we can use pseudo class selectors with links whether that's link visited
hover or active.